ton du chatinier two football fields and neurological promoted unbelievable
we already have to make this standard today he is trying them
had a relationship
and but i want there
they had to go to a minimum of 3 but could still make it exciting and there afterwards
they didn't
but opposite
Monday very well defended year purple with good chances but
he was not being smoothed out malware
yes this can be a new piece
if you watch six games his daughter deserved team that promotes
certainly have added value
and there are the playoffs
we achieved three goals disappointing
after barely four otherwise there is more food that makes them just like that
constant account of competitions
but justifiable winner
tell me what has happened to you the last few weeks
after each other you have risen yourself
theater playoffs that of course was the goal
yes where it was just once as far as possible and quite hard
rehearsed
for basically everything and but that was just an ordinary person's success and think
I
and a nice na vvv is not broken
discharges has the first division in the seventh year
there is now an end to the series yes there is a maya I want the two sometimes
seasons and when I hear that humans all
you watch as long as it was super to experience
day completely new pieces
soon in a stadium the man will have much to be desired
have a nice can
but also looks at is never in the premier league
cite who want to know is the big teams natural and your own stadium
when we ajax feyenoord and psv
of course his team not to be missed
yes it is the highest attainable in the netherlands
super proud of the boys
He suggests that you can now show at the highest level
yes, of course you have also been through, of course
he is only by their promises and
Of course we are on the cell
on the santander
to continue years and
yes to be back at a high level it was great then you can just be late
see what you really have at home
He has had a great year so I wanted to be back
wind energy discharge
yes I mean rage 10 percent the driver now counts as a tablet then
to make it even better then
the laureate already with so I look there
we'll just see how far it goes, how far
they just had japan
last year was week here and there comes the super combination design the chance that the
finished eighteenth
then you can avoid the scenario that you
yes i just want to go out there from our planet 6
the government must play a chair and its own strength
yes then we just see through we may have some insistence of season so
that looks like tomorrow night
this week again for a packed one
I am very curious I am very curious I know the dot after which I am the boys too
it's normal to be like a couple